we're testing a new design for a rocket
stove we have a air coming in to
increase the combustion right now we
haven't got it started but this is what
we have coming out of the chimney
and this is running about right now
running about 304 almost 400 degrees
check it out here 228 462 towards the
base
there's 500 degrees with no air being
introduced well of course this has not
been insulated yet we're going to put a
tank around it and insulate it hopefully
we don't get any back burn and that's
what I'm concerned about is back burning
on the pellets here but we're going to
run it till we see the pellets drop and
then we'll add some air to it and see if
it'll take off like a banshee
you
you can see looking down the combustion
tube you can see the Jets at the bottom
there that blow on the sides to convert
to make a vortex and then also we have
the holes on the top which blow air in
after the combustion this is a shot
looking down the combustion chamber with
the great the pellet drop the tubes
coming off the side that create a vortex
as this bull flame comes up why we
introduce more air which gets extremely
hot we decided to build an auger system
due to the fact when we use the pellet
drop in the tube it would fill up and
then when let too many pellets in and it
would consume a lot of pellets real
quick so we decided to do a auger and
this is the auger here this will rotate
about setting we have to test the air
coming in from the bottom of the
combustion chamber we have to regulate
the feed and this will be through just
testing the temperature so that's the
latest